h1. Thor-Git

Here are a few Thor tasks to make developing with Git easier (and some corresponding Git aliases to
make invoking them easier). Install them with:

<pre>
$ thor install git.thor
</pre>

Or, if you don't want to actually download this stuff, just use:

<pre>
$ thor install "http://github.com/cypher/thor-git/tree/master/git.thor?raw=true"
</pre>

You can add the git aliases by copying them into the corresponding section of your global @.gitconfig@.

The tasks are designed around a particular workflow in which you primarily develop against a single upstream that you @git-push@ or @git-svn dcommit@ to. In this workflow @master@ typically mirrors this upstream, and little or no work is done on @master@. Instead you branch off master with @thor git:open@ and then commit as you go, using @thor git:push@ to send your changes upstream, and finally using @thor git:close@ to delete the branch when you're done with it.

Let me say it again, because it's very important: all these tasks assume that @master@ is the nexus of your local branches and the portal to your remote branch.

h2. Common Commands

<pre>
$ thor git:update
</pre>

Updates your current git repository, autodetecting whether you have a regular ol' git project or a
git-svn project.

<pre>
$ thor git:push
</pre>

Commits any changes in your current branch not yet pushed upstream _and_ ports 'em over to master.

<pre>
$ thor git:open [mynewbranch]
</pre>

Creates a new branch off master. Think of this as opening an issue, or a new path of development.

<pre>
$ thor git:close [mynewbranch]
</pre>

This is open's brother, and should be used when you finish something and have already moved it to
master or upstream. If you haven't yet, don't worry - this won't eat your data.

h2. Credits

Brian Donovan (aka eventualbuddha) created the original sake-git task set, which can be found on "GitHub":http://github.com/eventualbuddha/sake-git/tree.
